[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So now we actually
go ahead and provide the props and
hold all this stuff up.
So when we start typing and
we'll see some stuff pop up.
So the first thing is
the search bar on text change.
So this is going to be
like a fuzzy search so
as we're typing, we wanna be able to
see the different exercises show up
From this initial state.So we
have all these exercises here.
And as we start typing, we wanna see
which ones we type with a fuzzy search.
So what we can do there is actually just
make a quick search implementation for
us and
we're going to use that right quick.
Let's head back here.
I'm just gonna copy it because
it's implementation detail.
If you wanna look at it it's
in the it's in the source.
So it's really not going to
really cover over really quick.
So what to do this and
we'll make a new folder
called services and
I'll make a new file called fuzzy.
Not that.
[LAUGH] that was paste around there.
>> Speaker 2: That's really fuzzy.
>> Scott Moss: That was really fuzzy.
See, so this is gonna take a predicate a
list of terms you want to search over and
then a property on those terms and
its gonna do a fussy search.
So we say we got that.
>> Scott Moss: So head back to the current
or I'm sorry the exercise model.
There we go.
So now that we have that what we can do is
>> Scott Moss: We just want to go ahead
and include that fuzzy search in here.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
And then now what we're gonna
do is when we pass in the text
what the exercise is that we wanna search
on this is gonna pass back a new list of
exercises that we can pass in.
So with that being said is we just
need to actually do a connect.
So we can connect here or
we can connect and current work out.
Looks like we're already connected and
current work out.
Let's go ahead pick back off this and pass
in the supply details to exercise model.
So I exercises modal
also needs the exercises.
We'll just imagine that if there
was a to stop prop start exercises.
So let's go ahead and do that and
do that it's actually really
easy to come up to this function
here a map state of props and
we say exercises and
we want state exercises.
That's it we know that's there
every go look at the reduce or.
There is exercises which is
the initial state which is this file.
So there's exercises
already there done and
all we have to deal with this say that and
pass it.
Now we have exercises we can come
back over here and we can say cons.
Found or actually to do a state.
>> Scott Moss: Foundexercises,
let's make that an empty array.
and it will do is we'll say so on text
change every time we type will say this
dot set state of found
exercises to be the fuzzy.
Search and fuzzy search takes and
the predicate which is the text The list
you wanna search over which
is this dots are the props,
exercise and then the property of
those objects which is a name.
So let's return a new or a force
that we're gonna set the state with.
So we got that and we need to have a-
>> Speaker 2: Paperback obit of
exercise this month.
Constructor Exercises.
>> Scott Moss: foundExercises.
>> Speaker 2: Exercises is spelled wrong.
>> Scott Moss: Dang.
>> Speaker 2: It's spelled
wrong both places.
>> Scott Moss: Two c's.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: They should just change it.
>> Scott Moss: They should
just change the name.
They should put a C there.
Exercises.
>> Speaker 3: You're missing an S too.
>> Scott Moss: Exer, exer,
so this is wow
that was hard.
Sizes.
Why is that word so hard, is it just me?
>> Speaker 2: No no,
that thing don't seem to work.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] My God
like what is, this is hard.
Okay.
There we go.
So how do we do is,
we pass in exercises,
this gonna do this dot state
dot file exercises quote.
So let's run this And
no creeping around out.
Don't launch.
Please don't launch.
Okay.
>> Scott Moss: It's coming.
That's low this thing Other debugger is
still active things probably pause and
everything have been saving so
many errors about is so broken right now.
I guarantee this thing has a look at it.
Yeah it's over.
Okay let's quit that.
We are getting deep.
>> Scott Moss: Into list views.
>> Scott Moss: Stop.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so let this
build again then we'll hop back in it.
And we'll let it booting up
>> Scott Moss: It's coming.
So any question on a list
view while we're here at all.
We went over it super fast, but I'm
gonna put this up so you can look at it.
Because I didn't wanna stress
on like how different it is.
I just wanted to be simple,
cuz it really is a sum.
We just got a modify the data source,
was just there.
That's all you gotta do.
>> Scott Moss: There's tons of other
project passing over optimizations, but
this is pretty much it past a data source.
And how to render the row you can but
you can do like a sticky header or
a sticky footer.
Pretty pretty cool stuff.
But for
right now this is all we're going to do.
>> Scott Moss: All right.
Looks like that's running so
let's boot this up again.
>> Scott Moss: I wanna turn
out the remote to bugger.
And then it's gonna break
I'm actually gonna need it.
[LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: There we go,
dataSource, there we go.
Okay, stop
all right.
Let's only decide it into expressions and
exercise most of us I forgot to put
something and there they are text changed.
So we want to say
the start had no texting.
There we go.
What else you got.
Okay exercise list.
I expect it's okay if I turn.
What the response.
Hm.
>> Scott Moss: I don't know
what they're talking about.
Wow.
[LAUGH] Another silly moment.
Okay, let this thing render it.
>> Scott Moss: Come on.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: Not sure why that's
not rendering or throwing an error or
anything.
Let's just stop it started there,
>> Scott Moss: There
we go now there an error.
I can't find components.
Whenever I switched to a new components
I forgot to put component guarantee.
Probably an exercise list.
No probably ExercizeModal.
Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I know I just fixed you reload yourself.
Now it's stuck in a loop.
No.
>> Scott Moss: My God.
It just killed itself.